Add a `keepRelative` option to the import-absolute rule (#27)
arcanis/eslint-plugin-arca: docs/rules/import-absolutes.md

import foo from 'pkg/test';
```

## Options

### `preferRelative`

A regex pattern specifying which import paths should be kept or made relative.

The following patterns are not considered warning when `preferRelative` is set to `^\\.\\/[^\\/]*$`:

```js
import foo from './foo';
import hello from './hello';
```

> If an import comes from the current package, and its relative form matches `preferRelative`, this rule will produce a warning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If an absolute import comes from the current package and the relative path to its target matches `preferRelative`, this rule will produce a warning.
```
